Open the door first
The Lord is going to be great
It will become a millennium
The first person who is inferior to the fairy world
main
Why have I clearly made a breakthrough?
Forge a body
Still can't spy on Xianmen Method 2, do you remember?
Kyushu unrest
I have refined your nine essence
I remember.
You distributed the essence to Jiutian Xuannu
Let them protect the Kyushu Continent
That's right, Kyushu is prosperous now
I don't need your blessing anymore
You just need to retrieve the essence
You can rise to immortality
Then I'll go down the mountain.
The police officer has now been in the past for many years
I'm afraid your scribe
Has become one with those 9 women
If you don't want to hurt their lives
There is only one way to clarify
Ah!
Kyushu Village's Smiling Buddha, please meet the Lord
I asked you to arrange the marriage of your nine heavenly daughters
How's it going?
Back to the Lord, the 9 heavenly daughters refused the wedding date
Refuse to marry
main
The nine families where the 9 celestial daughters are located fully deliver
Don't give me face anymore
There is such a thing
It's true
Among them, the Li family of the Eastern Zhou Dynasty was the most rebellious
Go get me the marriage certificate
I'm going to Li's house in Dongzhou
The Bridal Marshal is dead
Kill me, the one who offended me in Kyushu
Although far away
report girl
That person found
What? Where?
The central axis is marrying nine heavenly daughters
What!
Curse soldiers obey orders
Ghost Valley is a saint
Xiliang was defeated
Are we really going to give up the pursuit of longevity?
Let alone a series
Even if you give up this world, why not
Follow me to grab the kiss
He can only be the guts of my white-collar workers